# Core API

Core SLAF functionality including SLAFArray and query optimization.

## SLAFArray

::: slaf.core.slaf.SLAFArray
handler: python
selection:
docstring_style: google
show_root_heading: true
show_source: true
rendering:
show_signature_annotations: true
show_category_heading: true
heading_level: 2
show_if_no_docstring: false
members_order: source
show_bases: true
show_root_toc_entry: true

## Query Optimizer

::: slaf.core.query_optimizer.QueryOptimizer
handler: python
selection:
docstring_style: google
show_root_heading: true
show_source: true
rendering:
show_signature_annotations: true
show_category_heading: true
heading_level: 2
show_if_no_docstring: false
members_order: source
show_bases: true
show_root_toc_entry: true

## Sparse Operations

::: slaf.core.sparse_ops
handler: python
selection:
docstring_style: google
show_root_heading: true
show_source: true
rendering:
show_signature_annotations: true
show_category_heading: true
heading_level: 2
show_if_no_docstring: false
members_order: source
show_bases: true
show_root_toc_entry: true
